Some dorms (east campus) are much newer than others, and like at all college campuses, all the dorms have different cultures. Most don't have AC, but that isn't a huge problem in Iowa during the academic year.
Dorm life is split off between North, East, and South. Within each section, there is countless communities within. To generalize, East Dorms are clean and new buildings with air condition. The community in terms of people talking and hanging out is almost non-existent because doors are automatically shut, and most of the residents want a quite environment. They are almost all sub-free so they provide a quiet and stable living space. South is more party and community oriented. This is not to say that there is a party 24/7, but that they are more frequent there. The buildings are order but there is much more community to be found there. North is the middle ground with a split of community and tranquility.
The dorms aren't anything special. They are bigger than most places depending on where you live.
the longer you are at Grinnell, the more choice you get in where you live
The three campuses bring an interesting dynamic to Grinnell. There is something for everyone. The college really does their best to ensure you are placed in the dorm where you belong, and it shows. The dorm communities are very strong! South Campus: Oldest facilities. Very strong sense of community. The majority of concerts and events take place on South. Hipster stereotype. East Campus: Brand new facilities. Tends to be much quieter / relaxed. Many of the strongly academic students like to live here. North Campus: The rowdy section of campus. All the athletes tend to live here. Facilities were built in the 60's/70's. Many first years are placed in north campus dorms. Also, we are a self-governed community, which facilitates the development of the individual, but, in turn, allows for a lot of extracurricular fun. SELF-GOV IS LOVE!
The bathrooms may get a little dirty on the weekends, but there is a good policy of self-governance that keeps everyone responsible for themselves.
