Amenities
Office Spaces
Haines Hall is home to the Grinnell Student Union Office on the garden level.  

Lounges
Haines Hall has two lounges, located on the garden level and the first floor. The first-floor lounge has a television with ample seating area. The garden level lounge holds ample seating as well as a fully-appointed neighboring kitchen. 

Kitchens
Haines Hall has a kitchen on the Garden level, which comes equipped with a stove, microwave, fridge, and oven. The kitchen comes attached to a separate lounge with ample seating area for meals.   

Storage
Storage is available in the form of a trunk room located in the basement of Haines Hall please contact C&K Transport or The Department of Residence Life for inquiries.  

Bathrooms
The garden level of Haines Gall has one gender-specific and one gender-neutral bathroom. The first, second, and third floors all feature two gender-neutral  bathrooms.  

Laundry
Residents of Haines Hall can access laundry facilities located on the Garden level near the bathrooms.  

Computer Lab
A computer lab is located on the first floor of Haines Hall. It has five Windows computers, one Mac, and a black-and-white printer. 

Recycling
Recycling and Trash bins are located on each floor of Haines Hall. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
Haines Hall offers central heating and air conditioning via portable AC units. The Office of Residence Life works with Facilities Management to review the weather and schedule the installation and removal of portable AC. They are usually removed during fall break and re-installed during spring break.

Elevators
Elevators are not available in Haines Hall. Access to all floors is via stairs. 

History
Joanna Harris Haines 1865 was the first woman ever to earn a diploma from a college west of the Mississippi, graduating from Grinnell College at the end of the Civil War. She settled in Grinnell with her husband, R.M. Haines, and they remained dedicated to the College and the community.

Haines Hall (which was then referred to as “Cottage Four” of the South Campus residence halls for women) was named in her honor in 1931.