Lounges
Norris has a large lounge area on the first floor with a TV, large study spaces, and private study spaces with both soft seating and table and chairs.

A study alcove outside the laundry room allows students to work privately or in a group. The space is outfitted with a large whiteboard and receives natural light.

Generously sized lounges on each of the upper floors provide space around a TV and two soft seating study areas. These spaces have great views of campus and offer lots of natural light. 

Kitchens
Norris has a large kitchen on the first floor with a refrigerator, stove/oven, sink, and microwave. This is a great space to cook a meal together; it includes seating at an island along with tables, chairs, and bench seating. 

Upper-level floors each have their own kitchenette space with a sink and microwave.

Laundry
Laundry facilities are located on the first floor.

Storage
Storage is available in the form of a trunk room located in the basement of Clark Hall. Please contact C&K or the Department of Residence Life for inquiries. 

Restrooms
The first floor offers two restrooms for public use as well as an ADA-compliant restroom with shower for the three single rooms. The second, third, and fourth floors each have two multi-use restrooms with showers and two single-use ADA restrooms with showers. 

Computer Lab
Norris Hall does not have a computer lab.

Recycling
Recycling bins and trash bins are located on each floor of Norris Hall. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
Norris Hall offers central heating and air conditioning. 

Elevators
Norris Hall has one elevator that is located inside the main entrance to the building near the staircase.

Outdoor Amenities
Norris Hall has outdoor seating areas for residents to use. It is also conveniently located across the street from the college athletic facilities. 

History
Four generations of the Norris family, for whom Norris Hall is named, attended Grinnell College. S.W. “Fritz” Norris 1896  founded an independent student newspaper, the Scarlet and Black, which is still in circulation today.

Norris Hall, located at the corner of Park Street and 10th Avenue, was dedicated on Oct. 8, 1960, as part of the College’s then-annual homecoming weekend.

Details
Date of Construction
1960