Lounges
Rawson Hall has two lounges. A study lounge is located in the pit, and a larger lounge with a television is located on the first floor.

Kitchens
Rawson has one kitchen which is located on the first floor. It has a stove, an oven, a microwave and a fridge.

Storage
Rawson has a trunk room located in the pit.

Bathrooms  
Rawson’s First Floor is home to a Gender Specific and Gender-Neutral bathroom. Rawson’s Pit, Second, and Third all house 2 Gender-Neutral bathrooms. 

Laundry
Rawson has access to the laundry facilities in Younker and Dibble.

Computer Lab
Residents of Rawson have easy access to the computer labs in the North Campus residence halls Norris and Younker.

Recycling
A recycling facility is located on the first floor of Rawson.

Air Conditioning and Heating
Rowson Hall offers central heating and air conditioning via portable AC units. The Office of Residence Life works with Facilities Management to review the weather and schedule the installation and removal of portable AC. They are usually removed during fall break and re-installed during spring break.

Elevators
Rawson does not have elevators.

History
Rawson Hall is recognizable by its tower, the southern of the two towers that are a central feature of the North Campus range of residences, at Park Street and Ninth Avenue. Resembling the gate of Hampton Court Palace, it aligns with a parallel gate that is part of Rose Hall on East Campus. It therefore, with Gates Hall to the immediate north, forms part of the part of the “equinox pathway.” Those who rise early on the morning of the vernal equinox can view the sunrise directly to the east through two campus archways (the Rose Hall arch and the Rawson/Gates Tower arch). Rawson Hall is one of five substance-free dorms on campus.

Rawson Hall is named in honor of alumnus and former trustee Charles A. Rawson, a football player during his years as a Grinnell student and a tireless supporter of Grinnell athletics. According to college legend, Gary Cooper ’26 once led a horse up the stairway of Gates-Rawson Tower — with varying results, depending on who tells the story.