Amenities
Lounges
Rathje Hall has one large lounge located on the first floor. The first floor lounge is equipped with a large TV, whiteboard, comfortable seating, and several tables to use for studying. The second and third floor lounges are smaller and contain comfortable seating, and several tables to use for studying. The third floor lounge also serves as a meditation/prayer room. 

Kitchens
Rathje has one kitchen on every floor. The first floor kitchen has a refrigerator, stove/oven, sink, and microwave. The second and third floors have a sink and microwave.  

Storage
Storage is available in a trunk room located in the garden level of Rose Hall. Please contact your Community Advisor, Resident Life Coordinator, or the Department of Residence Life for inquiries. 

Bathrooms
The first floor has two gender-inclusive bathrooms and a single stall restroom. The second floor has two gender-inclusive bathrooms. The third floor has two gender-specific bathrooms (one men's, one women's). 

Laundry
Residents can use laundry facilities located in the garden level. Rathje Hall has several washer and dryer machines. 

Recycling
Recycling and trash bins are located on each floor. There is a large trash room on the first floor. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
There is both central heating and air conditioning.  

Elevators
Elevators are available in Rathje Hall. All floors are accessible via stairwell. 

History
Rathje Hall is the northernmost of the East Campus residence halls. This residence hall was named to honor Frank Rathje '50 for his generosity and commitment to both the College and the town of Grinnell.

Rathje Hall helps frame the east edge of campus along East Street. A roofed loggia connects the Iowa limestone halls, and a grove of trees and a new garden area border the residence halls. Ground floor public spaces are designed to encourage interaction among the students. The new residence halls were designed by William Rawn Associates to complement, but not duplicate, the dormitories President Main built more than 90 years ago.