Residence Halls
In addition to providing students safe, comfortable living spaces, the residence halls at Grinnell College foster a sense of community, and provide a living and learning environment which complements their academic experience. Within these halls, Grinnellians learn to practice self-governance and incorporate the philosophy in their daily lives. Student volunteers fill the roles of student advisers, hall social coordinators and hall wellness coordinators, and are charged with building community and serving as a resource for their residents. Student staff are supervised by live-in, masters-level residence life coordinators. Grinnell’s residence halls are located in three areas: North, South, and East Campuses. Each group of halls has its own laundry facilities and computer labs. Most residence halls have:
kitchens equipped with stoves, ovens, microwaves and fridges, spacious lounges with televisions, cable service, and DVD players, wireless internet connection
rooms with a dresser, desk and chair, and a closet or wardrobe for each student, custodial services in bathrooms and common areas (lounges, bathrooms, and kitchens)
maintenance services, security enabled entry doors that open with student IDs; student rooms are equipped with key entry locks
Cats and dogs are not permitted in the residence halls (with the exception of medical acoommodation.)
North Campus
The northernmost part of Grinnell’s campus, the North Campus residence halls originally housed Grinnell’s male students before co-educational living was introduced during the 1968–69 school year. North Campus’s proximity to academic buildings and Harris Center, rooms with views of Mac Field, and spacious lounges draw residents to it. There are three “clusters” on North Campus. The North Campus clusters and residence halls are: Clark Hall, Cowles Hall, Dibble Hall, Norris Hall
South Campus
South Campus, which originally comprised the all-female residence halls, is located between Eighth Avenue and Sixth Avenue. Residents love South Campus for its closed loggia (which is a blessing during the winter months), its vibrancy, and the presence of Bob’s Underground and the Gardner Lounge. There are two “clusters” on South Campus. The South Campus clusters and residence halls are: Cleveland Hall, Haines Hall, James Hall, Loose Hall, Main Hall, Read Hall
East Campus
East Campus has the four newest residence halls. Residents love East Campus for its numerous lounges, the availability of air conditioning, nice laundry facilities, and elevators in every residence hall, and for its proximity to the athletics facilities. This “cluster” is referred to as LaKeRoJe. The residence halls within East Campus are: Lazier Hall, Kershaw Hall, Rathje Hall, Rose Hall
West Campus
West Campus is part of our most centralized Residence Hall groups on-campus. West Campus residence halls hold several large and inviting lounges. Their residents are comprised of a half-and-half mix of first-year and returning students. Younker Hall currently holds Lavender Hall and the Stonewall Resource Center. Gates Hall, Langan Hall, Rawson Hall, Smith Hall, Younker Hall.
Renfrow Hall
Renfrow Hall is Grinnell’s newest residence hall. This unique facility sits at the nexus between the College campus and the town of Grinnell. Renfrow Hall is a place where students both live and learn and where the College welcomes the broader Grinnell community. It is named in honor of Grinnell College’s first Black woman graduate, Edith Renfrow Smith ’37.