Lounges
Rose Hall has one large lounge located on the first floor. The first floor lounge is equipped with a large TV, piano, whiteboard, comfortable seating, and several tables to use for studying. The second and third floor lounges are smaller and contain comfortable seating and several tables to use for studying. 

Kitchens
Rose has one kitchen on every floor. The first floor kitchen has a refrigerator, stove/oven, sink, and microwave. The second and third floors have a sink and microwave.  

Storage
Storage is available in a trunk room located in the basement of Rose Hall. Please contact your Community Advisor, Resident Life Coordinator, or the Department of Residence Life for inquiries. 

Bathrooms
The first floor of Rose Hall has two gender-inclusive bathrooms and a single-stall restroom. The second floor offers two gender-inclusive bathrooms.The third floor has two gender-specific bathrooms (one men's and one women's). 

Laundry
Residents can use laundry facilities located in the basement. Rose Hall houses several washer and dryer machines. 

Recycling
Recycling bins and trash bins are located on each floor. There is a large trash room on the first floor. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
Rose Hall has central heating and air conditioning.  

Elevators
Elevators are available in Rose Hall and all floors are accessible via stairs. 

History
Named to honor the mother of trustee Henry Cornell '76, Rose Hall is positioned on east campus between Rathje and Kershaw Halls. Constructed of white Iowa limestone, Rose Hall is connected to the other East Campus halls by a roofed loggia. Its large first-floor windows open the lounge onto the expanse of Mac Field.

Rose Hall has the distinction of being part of the "equinox pathway".  Those who rise early on the morning of the vernal equinox can view the sunrise directly to the east through two campus archways (the Rose Hall arch and the Rawson/Gates Tower arch). The East Campus residence halls were designed by William Rawn Associates to complement, but not duplicate, the dormitories President Main built more than 90 years ago. 