Amenities
Lounges
Lazier Hall has two large lounges located on the first and third floors.  The first and third floor lounge contains comfortable seating, and several tables to use for studying. The first floor lounge is also equipped with a large tv. The second and fourth floor lounges are smaller and contain comfortable seating, and several tables to use for studying. 

Kitchens
Lazier has one kitchen on every floor. The first floor kitchen has a refrigerator, stove/oven, sink, and microwave. The second and fourth floors have a sink and microwave. The third floor has a sink, microwave and fridge. 

Storage
Storage is available in the form of a trunk room located in the basement of Rose Hall. Please contact the CA or RLC or the Department of Residence Life for inquiries. 

Bathrooms
Lazier's first floor offers one gender-inclusive bathroom.The second, third and fourth floor each have two gender-inclusive bathroom. 

Laundry
Residents can use laundry facilities located in the basement. Lazier Hall houses several washer and dryer machines. 

Recycling
Recycling bins and trash bins are located on each floor. There is a large trash room on the first floor. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
There is both central heating and air conditioning.  

Elevators
Elevators are available in Lazier Hall. All floors are accessible via stairwell.

History
The southernmost of the East Campus residence halls, Lazier Hall honors the late William C. Lazier ’53 and Dorothy Lazier for their generous support of the College. William C. Lazier served two terms as chair of the board of trustees.

Lazier Hall's distinctive curved roof softens the profile of one of the tallest buildings on campus. Constructed of white Iowa limestone, Lazier Hall is connected to the other East Campus residence halls by a roofed loggia. Large windows in the first floor lounge give the space an open, accessible feel.

The East Campus residence halls were designed by William Rawn Associates to complement, but not duplicate, the dormitories President Main built more than 90 years ago.