Lounges
Loose Hall has two primary lounges located in the garden level and first floor. The first floor lounge has a TV, couches, seating areas, as well as low-top and high-top tables. The garden level lounge has a seating area with a TV and couches, additional low-top and high-top tables, and a mini kitchenette with a small fridge.  

Loose Hall also has a variety of study spaces across all floors. These study spaces include a mix of corner seating areas with comfortable chairs and a full whiteboard, individual study nooks with a chair and desk area, and two full-size study rooms in the garden level with a table, chairs, full white board, and a TV.  

Kitchens
There is one kitchen available to residents. The main kitchen is located on the 1st floor as part of the large first floor lounge area. The kitchen is equipped with a stove and oven, microwave, full size refrigerator, and kitchen island. Each floor has an additional kitchenette with trash deposits, a sink, mini-fridge, and microwave.  

Storage
Loose has a trunk room located in the south side of its garden level.

Bathrooms
Twenty bathrooms are available throughout the hall. Each floor has at least one gender-specific restroom (Men’s or Women’s). The other restrooms are gender-inclusive. Each floor has an accessible bathroom located to the left when exiting the elevator.  

Laundry
Loose Hall has a laundry facility in the garden level which has several washers and dryers.

Recycling
Recycling and trash bins are located on every floor with large trash and recycling bins at the front entrance, in each hallway, and additional trash deposits alongside the kitchen and kitchenettes. 

Air Conditioning and Heating
Loose offers heating and air conditioning.

Elevators
Loose Hall has an elevator that runs from the basement level up to the third floor. There are two additional staircases that run from the basement to the third floor level located on the North and West sides of the hall.  

Outdoor Amenities
Outdoor amenities include open grass areas with beach volleyball courts near the Cleveland fire pits with accompanying seating, located in South Campus on the north end of the Loggia, beside Read Hall. 

History
Loose Hall was dedicated to two Iowans, Francelia Spitzer Loose, a schoolteacher, and her physician husband, Dr. David N. Loose, although neither were alumni of Grinnell. Loose Hall was one of the first residence halls on campus to have co-ed floors after coeducational living was adopted in 1968 and is the largest South Campus residence hall.